README.rst, before:

|Build_Status| |Coverage| |Version|

=========
medallion
=========

NOTE: This is an `OASIS TC Open Repository <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/>`_.
See the `Governance`_ section for more information.

*Medallion* is a minimal implementation of a TAXII 2.0 Server in Python.

For more information, see `the
documentation <https://medallion.readthedocs.io/>`__ on
ReadTheDocs.

**WARNING:** *medallion* was designed as a prototype and reference
implementation of TAXII 2.0, and is not intended for production use.

*medallion* has been designed to be a simple front-end REST server providing
access to the endpoints defined in that specification.
It uses the python framework - `Flask <http://flask.pocoo.org/>`_.  *medallion*
depends on back-end "plugins" which handle the persistence of the TAXII data and
metadata. The TAXII specification is agnostic to what type of data a TAXII
server stores, but this will usually be STIX 2 content.

Two back-end plugins are provided with *medallion*: the Memory back-end and the
MongoDB back-end.  The Memory back-end persists data "in memory".  It is
initialized using a json file that contains TAXII data and metadata.
It is possible to save the current state of the in memory store, but this
back-end is really intended only for testing purposes.  The MongoDB backend is
somewhat more robust and makes use of a MongoDB server, installed independently.
The MongoDB back-end can only be used if the pymongo python package is
installed. An error message will result if it is used without that package.


Installation
============

The easiest way to install *medallion* is with pip::

  $ pip install medallion


Usage
=====

As a script
-----------

Medallion provides a command-line interface to start the TAXII Server::

    usage: medallion [-h] [--host HOST] [--port PORT] [--debug-mode]
                  [--log-level {DEBUG,INFO,WARN,ERROR,CRITICAL}]
                  CONFIG_PATH

    medallion v0.4.0

    positional arguments:
      CONFIG_PATH           The location of the JSON configuration file to use.

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit

      --host HOST           The host to listen on.

      --port PORT           The port of the web server.

      --debug-mode          If set, start application in debug mode.

      --log-level {DEBUG,INFO,WARN,ERROR,CRITICAL}
                            The logging output level for medallion.

To run *medallion*::

    $ python medallion/scripts/run.py <config-file>

Make sure medallion is using the same port that your TAXII client will be connecting on. You can specify which port medallion runs on using the `--port` option, for example::

    $ medallion --port 80 config_file.json

The <config_file> contains:

- configuration information for the backend STIX 2.0 data plugin
- configuration information for the backend authorization plugin
- a simple user name/password dictionary

To use the Memory backend plugin, include the following in the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
        "backend": {
            "module": "medallion.backends.taxii.memory_backend",
            "module_class": "MemoryBackend",
            "filename": "<path to json file with initial data>"
        }
    }

To use the directory features, include the following in the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
        "backend": {
            "module": "medallion.backends.taxii.memory_backend",
            "module_class": "MemoryBackend",
            "path": "<path to directory>",
            "load_from_path": true
        }
    }

A complete config can be seen in this `example <https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-server/blob/master/example_configs/directory_backend_config_auth_from_file.json>`_

The backend uses the path pointed to by the path config as its root. Each directory within becomes a TAXII 2.0
api root. STIX 2.0 bundles as JSON files can be placed within the root, and the contents of each file will be aggregated
into a single collection.

To use the MongoDB backend plugin, include the following in the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
         "backend": {
            "module": "medallion.backends.taxii.mongodb_backend",
            "module_class": "MongoBackend",
            "uri": "<Mongo DB server url>  # e.g., 'mongodb://root:example@localhost:27017/'"
         }
    }

*Note: A Mongo DB should be available at some URL when using the Mongo DB back-end*

A description of the Mongo DB structure expected by the mongo db STIX 2.0 data backend code is described in
`the documentation <https://medallion.readthedocs.io/en/latest/mongodb_schema.html>`_.

As required by the TAXII specification, *medallion* supports HTTP Basic authorization. In addition, *medallion* supports
API Token authorization and JWT authorization. When stored in the <config-file>, passwords are encrypted.

Here is an example:

.. code:: json

    {
        "users": {
            "admin": "pbkdf2:sha256:150000$vhWiAWXq$a16882c2eaf4dbb5c55566c93ec256c189ebce855b0081f4903f09a23e8b2344",
            "user1": "pbkdf2:sha256:150000$TVpGAgEI$dd391524abb0d9107ff5949ef512c150523c388cfa6490d8556d604f90de329e",
            "user2": "pbkdf2:sha256:150000$CUo7l9Vz$3ff2da22dcb84c9ba64e2df4d1ee9f7061c1da4f8506618f53457f615178e3f3"
        },
        "api_keys": {
            "123456": "admin",
            "abcdef": "user1"
        }
    }

*Note: the plaintext passwords for the above example are:*

.. code:: json

    {
        "users": {
           "admin": "Password0",
           "user1": "Password1",
           "user2": "Password2"
        }
    }

If JWT authorization is used, a secret key is required in the config:

.. code:: json

    {
        "flask": {
            "SECRET_KEY": "CHANGE_ME"
        }
    }

A script for generating user passwords is included
`generate_user_password.py <https:medallion/scripts/generate_user_password.py>`_

The authorization is enabled using the python package
`flask_httpauth <https://flask-httpauth.readthedocs.io>`_.
Authorization could be enhanced by changing the method "decorated" using
@auth.get_password in medallion/__init__.py

Configs may also contain a "taxii" section as well, as shown below:

.. code:: python

    {
        "taxii": {
           "max_page_size": 100
        }
    }

All TAXII servers require a config, though if any of the sections specified above
are missing, they will be filled with default values.

The backend for authorization can also be configured in the <config-file>:

To use the Memory Authorization backend plugin, include the following in the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
        "auth": {
            "module": "medallion.backends.auth.memory_auth",
            "module_class": "AuthMemoryBackend",
            "users": {},
            "api_keys": {}
        }
    }

To use the Mongo DB Authorization backend plugin, include the following in the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
        "auth": {
            "module": "medallion.backends.auth.mongodb_auth",
            "module_class": "AuthMongodbBackend",
            "uri": "mongodb://root:example@localhost:27017/",
            "db_name": "auth"
        }
    }

The structure expected by the mongo db authorization backend code is:

.. code:: json

    {
        "user": {
            "_id": "user@example.com",
            "password": "pbkdf2:sha256:150000$vhWiAWXq$a16882c2eaf4dbb5c55566c93ec256c189ebce855b0081f4903f09a23e8b2344",
            "company_name": "Example Organization",
            "contact_name": "User",
            "created": "",
            "updated": ""
        },
        "api_key": {
            "_id": "<api_key>",
            "user_id": "user@example.com",
            "created": "",
            "last_used_at": "",
            "last_used_from": ""
        }
    }

A script for adding users and api-keys is included `auth_db_utils.py <https:medallion/scripts/auth_db_utils.py>`_

Multiple authorization are supported by *medallion* at the same time and can be added to the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
        "multi-auth": [
            "basic",
            "api_key"
        ]
    }

Additional configurations can be seen in `example_configs <https:/example_configs>`_

We welcome contributions for other back-end plugins.

Docker
======

We also provide a Docker image to make it easier to run *medallion*::

    $ docker build . -t medallion

If operating behind a proxy, add the following option (replacing `<proxy>` with
your proxy location and port): ``--build-arg https_proxy=<proxy>``.

Then run the image::

    $ docker run --rm -p 5000:5000 -v <directory>:/var/taxii medallion

Replace ``<directory>`` with the full path to the directory containing your
medallion configuration.

Governance
==========

This GitHub public repository (
**https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client** ) was created at the request
of the `OASIS Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI) TC
<https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/cti/>`__ as an `OASIS TC Open Repository
<https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/>`__ to support
development of open source resources related to Technical Committee work.

While this TC Open Repository remains associated with the sponsor TC, its
development priorities, leadership, intellectual property terms, participation
rules, and other matters of governance are `separate and distinct
<https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#governance-distinct-from-oasis-tc-process>`__
from the OASIS TC Process and related policies.

All contributions made to this TC Open Repository are subject to open source
license terms expressed in the `BSD-3-Clause License
<https://www.oasis-open.org/sites/www.oasis-open.org/files/BSD-3-Clause.txt>`__.
That license was selected as the declared `"Applicable License"
<https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/licenses>`__ when the
TC Open Repository was created.

As documented in `"Public Participation Invited
<https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#public-participation-invited>`__",
contributions to this OASIS TC Open Repository are invited from all parties,
whether affiliated with OASIS or not. Participants must have a GitHub account,
but no fees or OASIS membership obligations are required. Participation is
expected to be consistent with the `OASIS TC Open Repository Guidelines and
Procedures
<https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/open-repositories>`__, the open
source `LICENSE
<https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client/blob/master/LICENSE>`__
designated for this particular repository, and the requirement for an
`Individual Contributor License Agreement
<https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/cla/individual-cla>`__
that governs intellectual property.

Maintainers
-----------

TC Open Repository `Maintainers
<https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/maintainers-guide>`__
are responsible for oversight of this project's community development
activities, including evaluation of GitHub `pull requests
<https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#fork-and-pull-collaboration-model>`__
and `preserving
<https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/open-repositories#repositoryManagement>`__
open source principles of openness and fairness. Maintainers are recognized and
trusted experts who serve to implement community goals and consensus design
preferences.

Initially, the associated TC members have designated one or more persons to
serve as Maintainer(s); subsequently, participating community members may select
additional or substitute Maintainers, per `consensus agreements
<https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/maintainers-guide#additionalMaintainers>`__.

Current Maintainers of this TC Open Repository
----------------------------------------------

-  `Chris Lenk <mailto:clenk@mitre.org>`__; GitHub ID:
   https://github.com/clenk/; WWW: `MITRE
   Corporation <https://www.mitre.org/>`__
-  `Rich Piazza <mailto:rpiazza@mitre.org>`__; GitHub ID:
   https://github.com/rpiazza/; WWW: `MITRE
   Corporation <https://www.mitre.org/>`__
-  `Emmanuelle Vargas-Gonzalez <mailto:emmanuelle@mitre.org>`__; GitHub ID:
   https://github.com/emmanvg/; WWW: `MITRE
   Corporation <https://www.mitre.org/>`__
-  `Jason Keirstead <mailto:Jason.Keirstead@ca.ibm.com>`__; GitHub ID:
   https://github.com/JasonKeirstead; WWW: `IBM <http://www.ibm.com/>`__


About OASIS TC Open Repositories
--------------------------------

-  `TC Open Repositories: Overview and
   Resources <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/>`__
-  `Frequently Asked
   Questions <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/faq>`__
-  `Open Source
   Licenses <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/licenses>`__
-  `Contributor License Agreements
   (CLAs) <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/cla>`__
-  `Maintainers' Guidelines and
   Agreement <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/maintainers-guide>`__

Feedback
--------

Questions or comments about this TC Open Repository's activities should be composed
as GitHub issues or comments. If use of an issue/comment is not possible or
appropriate, questions may be directed by email to the Maintainer(s) `listed
above <#currentMaintainers>`__. Please send general questions about Open
Repository participation to OASIS Staff at repository-admin@oasis-open.org and
any specific CLA-related questions to repository-cla@oasis-open.org.

.. |Build_Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/oasis-open/cti-taxii-server.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/oasis-open/cti-taxii-server
.. |Coverage| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/oasis-open/cti-taxii-server/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/oasis-open/cti-taxii-server
.. |Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/medallion.svg?maxAge=3600
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/medallion/

Commit message:

Added extra description for how to use the default dockerfile

README.rst, after:

|Build_Status| |Coverage| |Version|

=========
medallion
=========

NOTE: This is an `OASIS TC Open Repository <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/>`_.
See the `Governance`_ section for more information.

*Medallion* is a minimal implementation of a TAXII 2.0 Server in Python.

For more information, see `the
documentation <https://medallion.readthedocs.io/>`__ on
ReadTheDocs.

**WARNING:** *medallion* was designed as a prototype and reference
implementation of TAXII 2.0, and is not intended for production use.

*medallion* has been designed to be a simple front-end REST server providing
access to the endpoints defined in that specification.
It uses the python framework - `Flask <http://flask.pocoo.org/>`_.  *medallion*
depends on back-end "plugins" which handle the persistence of the TAXII data and
metadata. The TAXII specification is agnostic to what type of data a TAXII
server stores, but this will usually be STIX 2 content.

Two back-end plugins are provided with *medallion*: the Memory back-end and the
MongoDB back-end.  The Memory back-end persists data "in memory".  It is
initialized using a json file that contains TAXII data and metadata.
It is possible to save the current state of the in memory store, but this
back-end is really intended only for testing purposes.  The MongoDB backend is
somewhat more robust and makes use of a MongoDB server, installed independently.
The MongoDB back-end can only be used if the pymongo python package is
installed. An error message will result if it is used without that package.


Installation
============

The easiest way to install *medallion* is with pip::

  $ pip install medallion


Usage
=====

As a script
-----------

Medallion provides a command-line interface to start the TAXII Server::

    usage: medallion [-h] [--host HOST] [--port PORT] [--debug-mode]
                  [--log-level {DEBUG,INFO,WARN,ERROR,CRITICAL}]
                  CONFIG_PATH

    medallion v0.4.0

    positional arguments:
      CONFIG_PATH           The location of the JSON configuration file to use.

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit

      --host HOST           The host to listen on.

      --port PORT           The port of the web server.

      --debug-mode          If set, start application in debug mode.

      --log-level {DEBUG,INFO,WARN,ERROR,CRITICAL}
                            The logging output level for medallion.

To run *medallion*::

    $ python medallion/scripts/run.py <config-file>

Make sure medallion is using the same port that your TAXII client will be connecting on. You can specify which port medallion runs on using the `--port` option, for example::

    $ medallion --port 80 config_file.json

The <config_file> contains:

- configuration information for the backend STIX 2.0 data plugin
- configuration information for the backend authorization plugin
- a simple user name/password dictionary

To use the Memory backend plugin, include the following in the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
        "backend": {
            "module": "medallion.backends.taxii.memory_backend",
            "module_class": "MemoryBackend",
            "filename": "<path to json file with initial data>"
        }
    }

To use the directory features, include the following in the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
        "backend": {
            "module": "medallion.backends.taxii.memory_backend",
            "module_class": "MemoryBackend",
            "path": "<path to directory>",
            "load_from_path": true
        }
    }

A complete config can be seen in this `example <https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-server/blob/master/example_configs/directory_backend_config_auth_from_file.json>`_

The backend uses the path pointed to by the path config as its root. Each directory within becomes a TAXII 2.0
api root. STIX 2.0 bundles as JSON files can be placed within the root, and the contents of each file will be aggregated
into a single collection.

To use the MongoDB backend plugin, include the following in the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
         "backend": {
            "module": "medallion.backends.taxii.mongodb_backend",
            "module_class": "MongoBackend",
            "uri": "<Mongo DB server url>  # e.g., 'mongodb://root:example@localhost:27017/'"
         }
    }

*Note: A Mongo DB should be available at some URL when using the Mongo DB back-end*

A description of the Mongo DB structure expected by the mongo db STIX 2.0 data backend code is described in
`the documentation <https://medallion.readthedocs.io/en/latest/mongodb_schema.html>`_.

As required by the TAXII specification, *medallion* supports HTTP Basic authorization. In addition, *medallion* supports
API Token authorization and JWT authorization. When stored in the <config-file>, passwords are encrypted.

Here is an example:

.. code:: json

    {
        "users": {
            "admin": "pbkdf2:sha256:150000$vhWiAWXq$a16882c2eaf4dbb5c55566c93ec256c189ebce855b0081f4903f09a23e8b2344",
            "user1": "pbkdf2:sha256:150000$TVpGAgEI$dd391524abb0d9107ff5949ef512c150523c388cfa6490d8556d604f90de329e",
            "user2": "pbkdf2:sha256:150000$CUo7l9Vz$3ff2da22dcb84c9ba64e2df4d1ee9f7061c1da4f8506618f53457f615178e3f3"
        },
        "api_keys": {
            "123456": "admin",
            "abcdef": "user1"
        }
    }

*Note: the plaintext passwords for the above example are:*

.. code:: json

    {
        "users": {
           "admin": "Password0",
           "user1": "Password1",
           "user2": "Password2"
        }
    }

If JWT authorization is used, a secret key is required in the config:

.. code:: json

    {
        "flask": {
            "SECRET_KEY": "CHANGE_ME"
        }
    }

A script for generating user passwords is included
`generate_user_password.py <https:medallion/scripts/generate_user_password.py>`_

The authorization is enabled using the python package
`flask_httpauth <https://flask-httpauth.readthedocs.io>`_.
Authorization could be enhanced by changing the method "decorated" using
@auth.get_password in medallion/__init__.py

Configs may also contain a "taxii" section as well, as shown below:

.. code:: python

    {
        "taxii": {
           "max_page_size": 100
        }
    }

All TAXII servers require a config, though if any of the sections specified above
are missing, they will be filled with default values.

The backend for authorization can also be configured in the <config-file>:

To use the Memory Authorization backend plugin, include the following in the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
        "auth": {
            "module": "medallion.backends.auth.memory_auth",
            "module_class": "AuthMemoryBackend",
            "users": {},
            "api_keys": {}
        }
    }

To use the Mongo DB Authorization backend plugin, include the following in the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
        "auth": {
            "module": "medallion.backends.auth.mongodb_auth",
            "module_class": "AuthMongodbBackend",
            "uri": "mongodb://root:example@localhost:27017/",
            "db_name": "auth"
        }
    }

The structure expected by the mongo db authorization backend code is:

.. code:: json

    {
        "user": {
            "_id": "user@example.com",
            "password": "pbkdf2:sha256:150000$vhWiAWXq$a16882c2eaf4dbb5c55566c93ec256c189ebce855b0081f4903f09a23e8b2344",
            "company_name": "Example Organization",
            "contact_name": "User",
            "created": "",
            "updated": ""
        },
        "api_key": {
            "_id": "<api_key>",
            "user_id": "user@example.com",
            "created": "",
            "last_used_at": "",
            "last_used_from": ""
        }
    }

A script for adding users and api-keys is included `auth_db_utils.py <https:medallion/scripts/auth_db_utils.py>`_

Multiple authorization are supported by *medallion* at the same time and can be added to the <config-file>:

.. code:: json

    {
        "multi-auth": [
            "basic",
            "api_key"
        ]
    }

Additional configurations can be seen in `example_configs <https:/example_configs>`_

We welcome contributions for other back-end plugins.

Docker
======

We also provide a Docker image to make it easier to run *medallion*::

    $ docker build . -t medallion
    
The default Dockerfile is contained in the `docker_utils` folder, so the build
command should be run with a file path argument::

    $ docker build . -t medallion -f docker_utils/Dockerfile

If operating behind a proxy, add the following option (replacing `<proxy>` with
your proxy location and port): ``--build-arg https_proxy=<proxy>``.

Then run the image::

    $ docker run --rm -p 5000:5000 -v <directory>:/var/taxii medallion

Replace ``<directory>`` with the full path to the directory containing your
medallion configuration.

Governance
==========

This GitHub public repository (
**https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client** ) was created at the request
of the `OASIS Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI) TC
<https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/cti/>`__ as an `OASIS TC Open Repository
<https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/>`__ to support
development of open source resources related to Technical Committee work.

While this TC Open Repository remains associated with the sponsor TC, its
development priorities, leadership, intellectual property terms, participation
rules, and other matters of governance are `separate and distinct
<https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#governance-distinct-from-oasis-tc-process>`__
from the OASIS TC Process and related policies.

All contributions made to this TC Open Repository are subject to open source
license terms expressed in the `BSD-3-Clause License
<https://www.oasis-open.org/sites/www.oasis-open.org/files/BSD-3-Clause.txt>`__.
That license was selected as the declared `"Applicable License"
<https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/licenses>`__ when the
TC Open Repository was created.

As documented in `"Public Participation Invited
<https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#public-participation-invited>`__",
contributions to this OASIS TC Open Repository are invited from all parties,
whether affiliated with OASIS or not. Participants must have a GitHub account,
but no fees or OASIS membership obligations are required. Participation is
expected to be consistent with the `OASIS TC Open Repository Guidelines and
Procedures
<https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/open-repositories>`__, the open
source `LICENSE
<https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client/blob/master/LICENSE>`__
designated for this particular repository, and the requirement for an
`Individual Contributor License Agreement
<https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/cla/individual-cla>`__
that governs intellectual property.

Maintainers
-----------

TC Open Repository `Maintainers
<https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/maintainers-guide>`__
are responsible for oversight of this project's community development
activities, including evaluation of GitHub `pull requests
<https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-taxii-client/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#fork-and-pull-collaboration-model>`__
and `preserving
<https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/open-repositories#repositoryManagement>`__
open source principles of openness and fairness. Maintainers are recognized and
trusted experts who serve to implement community goals and consensus design
preferences.

Initially, the associated TC members have designated one or more persons to
serve as Maintainer(s); subsequently, participating community members may select
additional or substitute Maintainers, per `consensus agreements
<https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/maintainers-guide#additionalMaintainers>`__.

Current Maintainers of this TC Open Repository
----------------------------------------------

-  `Chris Lenk <mailto:clenk@mitre.org>`__; GitHub ID:
   https://github.com/clenk/; WWW: `MITRE
   Corporation <https://www.mitre.org/>`__
-  `Rich Piazza <mailto:rpiazza@mitre.org>`__; GitHub ID:
   https://github.com/rpiazza/; WWW: `MITRE
   Corporation <https://www.mitre.org/>`__
-  `Emmanuelle Vargas-Gonzalez <mailto:emmanuelle@mitre.org>`__; GitHub ID:
   https://github.com/emmanvg/; WWW: `MITRE
   Corporation <https://www.mitre.org/>`__
-  `Jason Keirstead <mailto:Jason.Keirstead@ca.ibm.com>`__; GitHub ID:
   https://github.com/JasonKeirstead; WWW: `IBM <http://www.ibm.com/>`__


About OASIS TC Open Repositories
--------------------------------

-  `TC Open Repositories: Overview and
   Resources <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/>`__
-  `Frequently Asked
   Questions <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/faq>`__
-  `Open Source
   Licenses <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/licenses>`__
-  `Contributor License Agreements
   (CLAs) <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/cla>`__
-  `Maintainers' Guidelines and
   Agreement <https://www.oasis-open.org/resources/open-repositories/maintainers-guide>`__

Feedback
--------

Questions or comments about this TC Open Repository's activities should be composed
as GitHub issues or comments. If use of an issue/comment is not possible or
appropriate, questions may be directed by email to the Maintainer(s) `listed
above <#currentMaintainers>`__. Please send general questions about Open
Repository participation to OASIS Staff at repository-admin@oasis-open.org and
any specific CLA-related questions to repository-cla@oasis-open.org.

.. |Build_Status| image:: https://travis-ci.org/oasis-open/cti-taxii-server.svg?branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/oasis-open/cti-taxii-server
.. |Coverage| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/oasis-open/cti-taxii-server/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/oasis-open/cti-taxii-server
.. |Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/medallion.svg?maxAge=3600
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/medallion/
